Scene: Outside the spaceship for the first time

Event: Leaving the spaceship
Dialogue: Now I understand why the spaceship malfunctioned. And no wonder it was in the middle of nowhere. A black hole. Talk about making it quick... If I don't the parasite will be the least of my concerns.
Dialogue: I should have a look around to see if I can find anything useful in these big asteroids.


Scene: Outside the spaceship

Event: Seeing the floating ship wreck parts for the first time
Dialogue: Those parts look perfect to patch up some of the small repairs I need to make around the ship. I should bring them to the workbench.

Event: Seeing the ult meteoroid for the first time
Dialogue: What is this glowing thing in the middle, I should check it out.

Event: Seeing the electrically charged meteoroids for the first time with ult
Dialogue: These strange rocks seem to be charged with some kind of energy, I should be able to charge the ship with it.

Event: Seeing the electrically charged meteoroids for the first time without ult
Dialogue: These strange rocks seem to be charged with some kind of energy, I should be able to charge the ship with it. But I don't have anything to smash them with. I should have a look around for something.

Event: Seeing the silicon meteoroid for the first time
Dialogue: This meteoroid seems to have some silicon inside it. If I bring it back to the workbench, I could use it to repair the glass.


Scene: Inside the spaceship after repairing everything in time

Event: Repaired last ship part in time to make it out
Dialogue: Finally. I have to get out of here before I die. 

Event: After leaving the black hole behind and finding the abandoned spaceship we have been looking for that holds the cure
Dialogue: There it is. Didn't think I would make it this far with all that has happened today, I'm not going to lie. Let's get in there and out before it's too late.


Scene: E-Mails

Event: Finished reading first E-Mail 
Dialogue: Sigh... I need to make it out alive. They need me.